=head1 Fixing broken macports after lib upgrade

Many package maintaing systems upgrade a lib and
leave existing applications and libs with broken
dependecy on lib that doesn't exist anymore.

Macports is not an exclusion. Recent upgrade of
libpng12 to libpng14 result in many broken ports.
When you try to install/upgrade/run some application
you get:

    dyld: Library not loaded: /opt/local/lib/libpng12.0.dylib

This was the last drop. I'm tired of looking for
ports I should rebuild, so I wrote L<a script to find
broken ports|https://github.com/ruz/port-broken-libs>.

=head2 Usage

It's a good headstart to fix broken ports. Here is what
I did to fix my system:

    ./port-broken-libs /opt/local/lib/*.dylib

Above command lists ports which have broken dependcy.
Then you can pipe it to port upgrade:

    ./port-broken-libs /opt/local/lib/*.dylib \
    | xargs sudo port -pnfuc upgrade --force

A little about port's command line options:

=over 4

=item -p

Don't stop upgrade if some port fails. This may happen
for variouse reasons.

=item -n

Required part. If you omit this option then upgrade of
port X may try to upgrade port Y first and that may fail.

=item -f

Tells to ignore previouse attempts to build a port.

=item -uc

It's up to you to decide if you want to clean things after
and unistall replaced ports.

=item --force

Tells to force rebuild even if there is no newer version
available.

=back

It took me a few rounds to rebuild most ports. Still
a few ports were broken and packager couldn't fix them,
but list was much smaller. I just uninstalled them with
force applied and installed once again.

After fixing all files in /opt/local/lib dir. I fixed
/opt/local/{bin,sbin} as well.

That's it. Enjoy.